Editorial changes (#1)
gakiwate/draft-gakiwate-dnsop-svcb-sla-parameter: draft-gakiwate-dnsop-svcb-sla-parameter.md

the "sla" SvcParamKey default to their endpoint of choice.

A service operator can also have the same service level offered at multiple
service endpoints, as seen in the following example:

```
        svc.example.com 7200 IN SVCB 1 interactive.svc.example.com ( alpn=h2, sla=1 )

>         svc.example.com 7200 IN SVCB 2 realtime.svc.example.com ( alpn=h2, sla=0,1,2 )

Author: ```suggestion
        svc.example.com 7200 IN SVCB 2 . ( alpn=h2, sla=0,1,2 )
```

```

> With this additional RR, a client that determines it wants a "interactive"

Author: ```suggestion
With this additional RR, a client that determines its application has an "interactive"
```

> (sla=1) service level will match two RRs. After filtering down to these two RRs,

Author: ```suggestion
(sla=1) service level will match both RRs. After allowing both of these RRs,
```
